Hey, thanks for jumping on the call with me today.
I am anxious to learn more about your company and website objectives.
I understand that your company offers a SAAS platform that integrates with Salesforce.
What is the ROI you typically look for in a service provider? 
I think we had a meeting scheduled for November 20th, 2025 at 2:15pm does that still work for you?
Can you please explain your biggest concerns with our proposal?
If we could offer you a solution that solved your biggest issues, what would that look like? yeah, ok, I get it.
I think AI can automate your SOP processes to enable each team member to feel empowered to achieve more with less stress.
It seems like maybe you are... maybe you aren't convinced that our solution would offer you the benefits we have promised. What would it take
for you to feel like the benefits far outweigh the costs? Oh, yeah, I can understand that. Oh, I didn't catch that, can you repeat that?
I think you said you wanted to think about it. And I agree. Let's think about it together, that way I can get you more  information
and real answers to your questions rather than you sipping Whiskey alone looking for more answers at the bottom of a glass. haha. yeah.
Is budg... is budget a concern if I can prove that the ROI is realistic for your company?
Is your budget limited to the timing or board approval? OK. Yeah, I get it.
By the way, how is your golf game? Do you struggle with your long game or your short game? Have you ever tried working with a local
golf coach to improve your game? How did that work out? Were you happy with your improvements? Oh, he wasn't that good, I get it.
Most people are just not that good at creating prompts for AI. Your team shouldn't have to be a prompt engineer to get good results.
And getting Midjourney to create the image you want requires writing three paragraphs of instructions including
camera angle, lighting equipment, time of day, geographical references, scene description, color references, and artist names, all
to get you close to the results you are hoping to see. Yet anyone can make a beautiful picture of a pickup truck or an apple tree, but
try to get the pickup truck parked under the apple tree watching a baseball game and it'll take you four hours and you still won't
have exactly what you want.
So let's do this, let's... let us get to work and improve your sales by 28% within 60 days or we'll give you an extra 60 days at no charge.
How does that sound?

 
  
